1\. The subject of regulation of this Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the "Policy") is the relationship between the Limited Liability Company Mail.Ru (OGRN 1027739850962, Russia, 125167, Moscow, Leningradsky Prospekt 39, str. 79) "Mail.Ru" or "Company" providing Services within the VK Cloud Solutions Platform (hereinafter "Platform", "Services", and separately - "Service") located on the Internet at [https: //mcs.mail .ru /](https://mcs.mail.ru/), and you, hereinafter referred to as the "User", regarding the processing of information about the User, including personal data and other data, in the process of using the Services of the VK Cloud Solutions Platform by such a person (hereinafter referred to as the "Information").

2\. This Policy is an integral part of the Mail.Ru Services Privacy Policy posted on the Internet at: [https://help.mail.ru/legal/terms/common/privacy](https://help.mail.ru/legal/terms/common/privacy). This Policy contains special rules that describe the terms of use of information about the Users of the Services, have a direct effect and priority in relation to the rules contained in the Privacy Policy of Mail.Ru Services and other rules governing the operation of the Service.

3\. In the absence of provisions in this Policy that fully determine (disclose) the conditions for processing information about the Users of the Services, the provisions of the Privacy Policy of Mail.Ru Services shall apply. A number of terms used in this Policy have the meaning defined in the Privacy Policy of Mail.Ru Services posted on the Internet at: [https://help.mail.ru/legal/terms/common/privacy](https://help.mail.ru/legal/terms/common/privacy), in particular the terms "Account data ”and“ Other data ”.

4\. Relationships related to the processing of information, including but not limiting the collection, use, storage, distribution and protection of information about Users of the Platform Services, are governed by this Policy, the Terms of Use of the VK Cloud Solutions platform, agreements on the use of individual Services, as well as the current legislation of the Russian Federation. Before starting to use the Services, the User is obliged to familiarize himself with the terms of this Policy, as well as the terms of agreements, terms and conditions of the Services used by him.

5\. Upon registration, each access and / or actual use of any of the Services of the Platform, the User agrees to the terms of this Policy, as well as to the terms of agreements, terms and conditions of the Services used by him, which are posted on the pages (in sections) of the respective Services, in editions that were in effect at the time of the actual use of such Services.

All terms and definitions not specified in the Policy are contained, respectively, in the Terms of Use and / or agreements on the use of individual Services.

6\. By accepting the terms of this Policy, as well as using the Platform and / or any of the Platform's Service, Users accept and agree to the processing of Information that becomes available to the Company in the process of using the Platform or Services by the specified persons and includes:

<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0"><tbody><tr><td valign="top"><p>Collected information</p></td><td valign="top"><p>Purpose of processing</p></td></tr><tr><td valign="top"><p>Credentials, namely:</p><p>1) User data provided by the User to create an account during the registration process on the Platform: email address.</p><p>2) Additional information filled in by the User when editing his account in the process of using the Platform: e-mail address, first and last name, company, position.</p></td><td valign="top"><p>Execution of the agreement with the User to provide access to the Platform, in particular, to confirm that the account belongs to the applicant who has applied for the restoration of access to the account, to manage and administer services, and more.</p></td></tr><tr><td valign="top"><p>3) Other data related to the User, which become available to the Company in the process of interaction of the User with the Platform, including, but not limited to, the following data: (ip-address, information about the User's browser (including the interface language, screen sizes, information about cookies (enabled / disabled), information contained in cookies, User Agent browser, etc.), sizes and supported colors of the User's personal device screen, time zone, system language, information about the operating system, support by the User's device of certain technologies, and protocols (Retina, WebSocket, HTTP2), the presence / absence of a number of programs on the User's device.</p><p>Information about the User's activity while using the Service, namely, clicks and transitions within the Service interface.</p></td><td valign="top"><p>Execution of the agreement with the User on the provision of the Service, in particular, in cases of internal control, improvement of the operation and content of the Service, prevention and suppression of any errors that may arise when using the Service, the need to notify the User of changes in the Service and personalize the use of the Service.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>

7\. The processing of User data when using the Service is carried out on the basis of the legislation of the Russian Federation.

8\. The company reserves the right to make changes and additions to this Policy by notifying the User by posting a new version of the amended Policy on the website. The new version of the Policy comes into force on the day following the day of its posting on the website at: [https://mcs.mail.ru/help/ru_RU/legal/policy-privacy](https://mcs.mail.ru/help/ru_RU/legal/policy-privacy). The User undertakes to independently regularly familiarize himself with the new editions of the Policy.

Edition: from 22.10.2021
