You can enable two-factor authentication (2FA) in VK Cloud to enhance account security.

After enabling 2FA, each time you log in to your personal account, you will need to enter a one-time 6-digit code from the authentication application.

## Enabling 2FA

1. Install one of the applications for generating one-time codes:
   - [Google Authenticator](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/1066447),
   - [Duo](https://duo.com/product/trusted-users/two-factor-authentication/duo-mobile).
1. Go to VK Cloud [personal account](https://mcs.mail.ru/app/en).
1. Click on the username in the header of the page and go to the 2FA activation page in one of the ways:

   <tabs>
   <tablist>
   <tab>Security</tab>
   <tab>Account settings</tab>
   </tablist>
   <tabpanel>

   Select **Security** from the drop-down list. A page with a QR code will open.

   </tabpanel>
   <tabpanel>

   1. Select **Account settings** from the drop-down list.
   1. Go to the **Security** tab.
   1. Click the **Enable security**. A page with a QR code will open.

   </tabpanel>
   </tabs>

1. Scan the code using the selected application to generate one-time codes.

   <info>

   If the QR code is not read by the application, click on the link below the QR code to get the code for manual entry. Select manual input in the application, enter your username and the received code.

   </info>

1. Enter the code generated by the application in the field **Code from application**.
1. Enter your account password in the field **Account password**.
1. Click the **Enable**.

Two-factor authentication will be enabled for your account. A list of backup codes will be displayed with which you can log in to your personal account if the authentication application is unavailable.

## Disabling 2FA

1. Go to VK Cloud [personal account](https://mcs.mail.ru/app/en).
1. Click on the username in the header of the page and select **Account settings**.
1. On the **Security** click the **Disable security**.
1. Enter the password from your account and the code from the authentication application.
1. Click the **Turn off** button.
